Update miscellaneous.md (#2533)
dolthub/docs: packages/dolt/content/reference/sql/sql-support/miscellaneous.md

+-------------+------------+-------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
```

> `call dolt_stats_once()` is a convenience function for collecting all database/branch statistics when the background thread is disabled.

Reviewer: Probably belongs in the section about how to disable automatic statistics updates.

### Auto-Refresh

Statistics automatically update for servers by default. Stats are stored in a database in `.dolt/stats` separate from user data. This folder can safely be deleted offline.

Stats throughput can be lowered by raising the the `dolt_stats_job_interval` variable, which indicates the milliseconds of delay between processing steps. The higher the delay and more branches in a database, the longer it will take for statistic updates to materialize. High delays reduce the fraction of runtime resources diverted to managing background statistics.

Stats can be disabled with the `dolt_stats_enabled=0` variable.

> Stats caching disabled with the `dolt_stats_memory_only=1` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stats persistence can be disabled with the `dolt_stats_memory_only=1` variable.
```

### Stats Garbage Collection

The stats in-memory cache accumulates new histograms proportionally to the write rate and stats update rate. Periodically, an

> update cycle will swap the currently actice histogram buckets to a new in-memory map and clear the old set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
update cycle will swap the currently active histogram buckets to a new in-memory map and clear the old set.
```

Stats garbage collection can be disabled with the `dolt_stats_gc_enabled=0` variable.

> Garbage collectoin freuency can be tuned with the `dolt_stats_gc_interval` variable (default 1 hour).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Garbage collection frequency can be tuned with the `dolt_stats_gc_interval` variable (default 1 hour).
```
